Replace `graphql-tag` with internal `gql` utility (#1332)
Shopify/hydrogen: docs/components/cart/cartprovider.md

You can provide the `cartFragment` prop to `CartProvider` to customize the fields requested from the Storefront API's [Cart object](https://shopify.dev/api/storefront/latest/objects/cart) for every query and mutation made by `CartProvider`.

> The fragment must use the name `CartFragment` because it's referenced that way in each of the queries and mutations. If you provide a custom `cartFragment`, then it must be a raw string. For GraphQL syntax highlight, use the `gql` utility exported from `@shopify/hydrogen` instead of [`graphql-tag`](https://github.com/apollographql/graphql-tag), since the latter returns an `ASTNode` instead of a `string`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fragment must use the name `CartFragment` because it's referenced that way in each of the queries and mutations. If you provide a custom `cartFragment`, then it must be a raw string. For GraphQL syntax highlighting, you should use the `gql` utility exported from `@shopify/hydrogen` instead of [`graphql-tag`](https://github.com/apollographql/graphql-tag) because the latter returns an `ASTNode` instead of a `string`.
```
